index.md, before:

---
title: Hello, World
---

## Welcome to Sketch's Developer Site

We’ve worked very hard to make Sketch the dream “designer toolbox”, but everyone has slightly different needs, and there is a good chance that there’s a feature that you would like, which we’ve not implemented.

Luckily, Sketch includes a plugin engine so that developers can extend its functionality.

For example, there are already plugins out there to do such diverse things as [design specs](https://github.com/utom/sketch-measure), [mobile prototyping](https://github.com/bomberstudios/sketch-framer) and [code generation for Android apps](https://github.com/malkomalko/sketch-android-kit).

Every week a new plugin comes out that does amazing stuff we hadn’t even thought possible!

## What can you do with plugins?

Plugins in Sketch can do anything a user can do. For example:

- Select layers inside a document, based on complex rules
- Manipulate layer properties
- Create new layers
- Export assets in all supported formats
- Interact with the user (ask for input, display output)
- Get data from external files and web services
- Interact with the clipboard
- Manipulate Sketch’s environment (editing guides, zoom, etc…)
- Automate existing features by calling menu options from plugins

With a bit of code (or in some cases, a lot of code!), you can extend Sketch with a plugin to do pretty much anything you need.

If you want to learn how to do that, you’ve come to the right place.

## Sections

We’ve divided the contents into four parts:

1. **[Introduction](/introduction/)**, which is a general overview of the scripting features in Sketch.
2. **[Code Examples](/examples/)**, which will take you on a tour of all the different things you can do with Plugins.
3. **[Reference](/reference/)**, which is a detailed list of all classes and methods, with relevant examples for each item.
4. **[Resources](/resources/)**, with links and pointers to resources you may find useful as a plugin developer.

## Help us improve!

If you find any error or omission on the documentation, or you’d like us to cover or clarify something, just [let us know](mailto:mail@bohemiancoding.com?subject=Developer%20Documentation%20Suggestion) and we’ll try to make you happy.

Commit message:

Added note about the site being editable in GitHub

index.md, after:

---
title: Hello, World
---

## Welcome to Sketch's Developer Site

We’ve worked very hard to make Sketch the dream “designer toolbox”, but everyone has slightly different needs, and there is a good chance that there’s a feature that you would like, which we’ve not implemented.

Luckily, Sketch includes a plugin engine so that developers can extend its functionality.

For example, there are already plugins out there to do such diverse things as [design specs](https://github.com/utom/sketch-measure), [mobile prototyping](https://github.com/bomberstudios/sketch-framer) and [code generation for Android apps](https://github.com/malkomalko/sketch-android-kit).

Every week a new plugin comes out that does amazing stuff we hadn’t even thought possible!

## What can you do with plugins?

Plugins in Sketch can do anything a user can do. For example:

- Select layers inside a document, based on complex rules
- Manipulate layer properties
- Create new layers
- Export assets in all supported formats
- Interact with the user (ask for input, display output)
- Get data from external files and web services
- Interact with the clipboard
- Manipulate Sketch’s environment (editing guides, zoom, etc…)
- Automate existing features by calling menu options from plugins

With a bit of code (or in some cases, a lot of code!), you can extend Sketch with a plugin to do pretty much anything you need.

If you want to learn how to do that, you’ve come to the right place.

## Sections

We’ve divided the contents into four parts:

1. **[Introduction](/introduction/)**, which is a general overview of the scripting features in Sketch.
2. **[Code Examples](/examples/)**, which will take you on a tour of all the different things you can do with Plugins.
3. **[Reference](/reference/)**, which is a detailed list of all classes and methods, with relevant examples for each item.
4. **[Resources](/resources/)**, with links and pointers to resources you may find useful as a plugin developer.

## Help us improve!

If you find any error or omission on the documentation, or you’d like us to cover or clarify something, just [let us know](mailto:mail@bohemiancoding.com?subject=Developer%20Documentation%20Suggestion) and we’ll try to make you happy. Of course, since all the content on this site is open source, you can help us improve by [suggesting an edit on GitHub]({{site.github_repo}}) (there's also an "Improve this page" link at the bottom of every page, in case you find something wrong while browsing the site).
