resources/index.md, before:

---
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
---

## JavaScript

### Absolute beginners
- http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/javascript
- http://eloquentjavascript.net

### Experienced developers
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Learn/JavaScript
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript
- http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596517748.do

## Cocoa

- [AppKit](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/navigation/#section=Frameworks&topic=AppKit), one the main Apple frameworks that Sketch is built on.
- [Foundation](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/navigation/#section=Frameworks&topic=Foundation), more essential Apple classes and services.

## Sample Plugins

- Some example plugins are [available on Github](https://github.com/BohemianCoding/ExampleSketchPlugins)
- A template/example Sketch plugin with a UI built in Interface Builder and connected to CocoaScript through black magic: <https://github.com/romannurik/Sketch-NibUITemplatePlugin>

## 3rd Party Plugins

- [Sketch Plugins](https://github.com/sketchplugins/plugin-directory), a list of Sketch Plugins hosted at GitHub.
- [awesome-sket.ch](http://awesome-sket.ch), a curated list of Sketch Plugins.
- [sketchplugins.com](http://sketchplugins.com), the mailing list for Sketch Plugin developers.

## Tools

- [class-dump](http://stevenygard.com/projects/class-dump/). We do our best to document everything, but if you are of the adventurous type, you’ll probably want to play with this.

Commit message:

Added Sketch Cookbook to resources

resources/index.md, after:

---
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
---

## JavaScript

### Absolute beginners
- http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/javascript
- http://eloquentjavascript.net

### Experienced developers
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Learn/JavaScript
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript
- http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596517748.do

## Cocoa

- [AppKit](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/navigation/#section=Frameworks&topic=AppKit), one the main Apple frameworks that Sketch is built on.
- [Foundation](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/navigation/#section=Frameworks&topic=Foundation), more essential Apple classes and services.

## CocoaScript

- [Sketch Plugins Cookbook](https://github.com/turbobabr/Sketch-Plugins-Cookbook), an amazing collection of tips and information, from [Andrey Shakhmin](https://github.com/turbobabr)

## Sample Plugins

- Some example plugins are [available on Github](https://github.com/BohemianCoding/ExampleSketchPlugins)
- A template/example Sketch plugin with a UI built in Interface Builder and connected to CocoaScript through black magic: <https://github.com/romannurik/Sketch-NibUITemplatePlugin>

## 3rd Party Plugins

- [Sketch Plugins](https://github.com/sketchplugins/plugin-directory), a list of Sketch Plugins hosted at GitHub.
- [awesome-sket.ch](http://awesome-sket.ch), a curated list of Sketch Plugins.
- [sketchplugins.com](http://sketchplugins.com), the mailing list for Sketch Plugin developers.

## Tools

- [class-dump](http://stevenygard.com/projects/class-dump/). We do our best to document everything, but if you are of the adventurous type, you’ll probably want to play with this.
